README.md, before:

# eecs2311group2

AuthoringApp_vM Release 1.0 February 23 2018

Welcome to the Authoring App created by Group 2!

Our midterm submission release (vM) comes with basic functionality
necessary for creating and modifying scenario files to run on the Enamel
Braille Cell Simulator.

Stay updated by checking our GitHub at:
https://github.com/connordear/eecs2311group2

Please find our documentation on our GitHub at:
https://github.com/connordear/eecs2311group2/tree/master/Enamel/Documentation

There you'll find a user manual to help guide you through the system, as
well as our testing and requirements documents.

All of our source code which was created separately from the Enamel Braille Simulator
can be found on our GitHub as well at https://github.com/connordear/eecs2311group2/tree/master/Enamel/src/authoringApp

In this release:
- create new scenarios and save them to work on them later
- open existing scenarios and add/remove/edit interactions
- test scenarios in the braille cell simulator from within the authoring app

Our current interaction list contains:
- Read interactions
- Skip Button interactions
- Display Braille interactions
- Receive user input interactions
- Clear Braille cell interactions
- Reset buttons interaction
- Pause interactions
- Keyword interactions



We're eagerly working on future interactions as well, including:
- Voice interaction: record your voice and play it back during the scenario!
- Grouped interactions
	- For example: Grouping several existing interactions into a 'question interaction' that would form a cohesive question structure for instructors.



All the best!
- Group 2

Commit message:

updated folders for final submission

README.md, after:

# eecs2311group2

AuthoringApp_vF Release 2.0 August 21 2018

Welcome to the Authoring App created by Group 2!

Our final submission release (vF) comes with complete functionality
necessary for creating and modifying scenario files to run on the Enamel
Braille Cell Simulator.

Please find our documentation on our GitHub at:
https://github.com/connordear/eecs2311group2

There you'll find a user manual to help guide you through the system, as
well as our design, testing, and requirements documents.

All of our source code which was created separately from the Enamel Braille Simulator
can be found on our GitHub as well at https://github.com/connordear/eecs2311group2/tree/master/Enamel/src/authoringApp

New in this release:
    - Updated overall UI
    - Various Bug Fixes:
        - Screen reader accessibility functioning
        - UI display bugs
        - and more!
    - Menu Bar now fully functional
    - Rename your scenario by using Save As
    - Fixed interactions and updated UI's for each of the interactions

Our current interaction list contains:
    - Read interactions
    - Skip Button interactions
    - Skip interactions
    - Display Braille interactions
    - Receive user input interactions
    - Clear Braille cell interactions
    - Reset buttons interaction
    - Pause interactions
    - Keyword interactions
    - Voice Interactions (New!)
        - Record or use an existing sound track in your scenarios


All the best!
- Group 2
